1)what is the Software Developement and it's types?
>A software Developement is the process of creating the software and maintain of the Software..

like we have 
Design, Coding,Testing, Deployment, Maintainence.

Design:
In this phase we are planning the Structure and functionality of the Software.including the user interfaces.

Coding:
here the Actual instruction of the Computer what do and the how to do.In the Specific programming languages. Such as c,c++,java,python.

Testing:
here the software can be the tested according to meet the user Requirements.
like unit testing, integration testing.

A unit testing:it is used to the function can be correctly working or not. 
consider an example:
like the sum function it should return the correct result for the various inputs.

integration Testing:
here it can be used to the where the two endpoints modules  working correctly or not.


consider an example:
here we using the payment process  module and the order mangement system are working correctly or not

Deployement :
After testing the Software it should available for the users. deployment in the server and install that software in the System..

Maintainance:

After developing the Software.it should be the bug fixes, and updating the software, and maintain that software with all 
the Functionality..



what is the Software. Types of the Software?
>A software it consists of the set of the instructions.that is used to the operate the computers and the other devices..

types of the software.
->System software
->web software.
->mobile software


System Software :
A System Software that is intermediatry user and the computer hardware.
for example:operating System(Linux, Windows, Mac)


web Software:
A web software is also known as the web applications.
that are used in the browser with the internet run this software.
for example like:ecommerce website.

Application Software:
An application software it will work on the smartphone,Tablets.
for example:
->Candy Crush.
->Dr Driving.
